For 2.4.draft2:

The synonyms.tsv file now has four columns; 'type' column is new.
Inspect the header row to figure out which get column(s) you need to
look at.  They may move in the future.  Currently name, uid (= OTT
id), type, and uniqueName.

New 'fold' patch command moves children of A to B and makes A a
synonym for B.  (could have been done with 'elide' I guess)

The model taxonomy ('aster') now includes synonyms.

'in-part', 'includes', 'type material', and 'authority' "synonyms"
from NCBI are now discarded.

-----
For 2.4.draft1 (2013-12-14):

Added Index Fungorum (generated by Peter M's script)

Stitched taxonomies together properly under Silva:
 . Added Chloroplastida as a synonym for Viridiplantae (that's what
   Silva calls it)
 . Added code-level taxa Fungi, Metazoa etc. as taxa in Silva to
   ensure correct placement
 . Added additional taxa to base of study 713 to force plants and bacteria
   to be disjoint

Sibling homonyms are smushed together, when encountered in Index
Fungorum or GBIF.

-----
Internal changes (not "user visible"):

* Spelling variants file from Rick is now checked in
* GBIF source taxonomy list checked in
* Edits formerly in ott_edits.tsv have been moved out to misc_edits.tsv
* Synonyms file now has four columns; 'type' column is new
* Simplified the Makefile a bit
* Added rules to make short-list.tsv, the list of most serious deprecations
* New rule for aster-tarball
* New '--select2' directive improving on '--select' (will switch over 
  to new name later)
* New '--sample' proportional sampling feature
* Pull some collection modifications out of loop to avoid concurrent 
  modification exceptions
* Improve name lookup logic in patch system to reduce number of 
  ambiguities
* New "fold" command
* Fix patch for Berendtia
* Improve postmortem reports, e.g. for unresolved/ambiguous show the
  alternatives that were being considered
* 'eschew-tattered' rule discourages matching to tattered nodes
* Improvements to metadata handling
